One sentence addition to the logging guide (#1736)
astronomer/docs: learn/logging.md

- Scheduler: Logs are printed to the console and accessible in `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/scheduler`.
- Webserver and Triggerer: Logs are printed to the console.

> - Task: Logs can be viewed in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`. When testing individual tasks with `astro dev run tasks test <dag_id> <task_id>` the logs will be printed directly to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Task: Logs can be viewed in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`. To view task logs directly in your terminal, run `astro dev run tasks test <dag_id> <task_id>` with the [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview).
```

> - Task: Logs can be viewed in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`. To view task logs directly in your terminal, run `astro dev run tasks test <dag_id> <task_id>` with the [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview).

Author: ```suggestion
- Task: Logs can be viewed in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`. To view task logs directly in your terminal, run `astro dev run tasks test <dag_id> <task_id>` with the [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview) or `airflow tasks test <dag_id> <task_id>`.
```

@jwitz I somehow forgot that this is an Airflow CLI command, so it can be used in both the Astro CLI and the Airflow CLI. I think we should include the Airflow CLI version, but definitely keep the link to the Astro CLI. :)
